hey everybody this is j i just 96 back
with another transformers lego video
today i'm going to be doing like i said
in my up to prime video Decepticon for
extras I don't be original cartoon
generation one he was one of the stump
t'akons me stuff so I think it is motor
master i think the other guys that i
can't remember and somebody just fell uh
yeah crap sorry my anguish but yeah um
but know if there is I didn't make my
motor master or any of those other guys
just kinda by himself made him a little
dragster Thank You was so well are just
kind of futuristic dragster just tell
you there's a little bit a little
steering wheel hey up all right I'll
have tripod yeah mm front of them top
bottom back is a little exhaust piping
here until stripe things big wheels back
girls pretty well at bird okay transform
him really easy just flip up the legs on
your ears open sorry but my camera
trouble hate my camera I'm serious
you've tried by tripods it anyway flip
up the back with the wheels and then you
just fold this whole part down lift him
up and then automatically turns into a
speech and pretty much it very simple
bat reveals I could use a little mouth
piece right there and laser Isaac
there's a hand arms watch like it's like
those wheels that are like twist and
like cuts through people like razors huh
yeah 360 degree movement for the arms
doesn't really supposed to go up and
down but it can and so I guess
I think tank engine uh-huh but yeah like
I said pretty simple all right I'm much
do it um yes there is back so yeah next
I'm going to be doing my earth mode
Megatron that I made yes I made him a
mini animated earth mode Megatron so
sure watch that one as usual this is jay
i just 96 I mean you know those random